hey guys so this curry is not far from
the cheaper today we're doing a call it
a battlefield bad company 2 class thing
the Rambo class now for this class you
can use the m60 or the one looks good
g36 so I'm gonna use that you're going
to want to use the Rex pistol to make
this Rambo class from the medic want to
use D fibs of course now you're going to
want the a.m upgrade which gives you
more ammo alright you really going to
want that I am I use the m3 saw the mg36
because it's got are a built-in light so
the you're going to want to have the
light gun perk and the other thing also
and any one of the anything because
you're going to want the haines ray so
I'm going to use this gun as you tell
it's really good it's got built-in light
and everything so this is just some game
plan i'm going to show you this some
easy gameplay
it'll feel I can remember if I got a lot
of kills in this round goes
but
every load I died out but yeah this
class for Rambo you want to be act like
room because it's all heavy and it's a
Rambo so no I'll bust them down with it
so you want a heavy gone you know you
can use them succeed more of the rainbow
like but this god I would actually
prefer you guys would if you guys want
to do this class this class type I'd use
this gun because it's really amazing and
that's what defibs do you know
killed one right there headshot I get a
lot of headshots specially sniping
select my calling card oh I'm really
good marksman ya wanna play me you know
my username carries a 95 send me a
friend request
we shot from behind I don't even see the
guy he's got like the m60 you know going
on but I prefer this gun the mg36
because it's just a lot more accurate
got two billion red dot so if you
wouldn't want that you know BAM is a
kill right there you know it's just a
really good class to use it really is
because it's one of my it's whatever
class especially with this Rex pistol to
later one shot switch get rid of that
pool
the other kill v-fib such a deep it look
second action
and I didn't get that at all because
they're like should we kill them a lot
bit faster loading
another kill I get a pin for that save
your pin I'm level 22 going low 23 yeah
but I really i like to learn more clots
not as good as my assault class by like
the ram book or its good solid by akon
so if you are those running gun pipes
this is the class you're going to want
to use this is like it is really the
stuff
you
you know just wrong to shoot around you
know it's actually be it like I said
you're going to want this class of your
rotten gutter or you like to heal people
you get a lot of points for this class
really see squad heal points you just
come to you pretty much
I suppose they get a guy who I size feet
under the thing
I'll see how he ain't killed that time I
got him right before dad headshot also
down a little bit
reloading you know it's actually I love
this class I mean I love the assault a
lot more but it's just good
there's this guy took him out that's
right back up got that means a killed 70
gazzari not very much for this film
footage but you know you gotta live what
what you got I can see that guys over
there but I didn't really think that'd
be good idea to go over there but then I
get blown away
so I see a guy over here Iran you know
and you know this has been Rambo class
with the achieva pro